Of course, Chinese people were thrilled because, hey, look, it will happen to these export controls and tech restrictions.
They're able to make these major achievements.
Because if we look in live in China, observe that the daily lives, innovation is happening here and there all the time.
Breakthroughs, small and large are at every level.
So that's something to keep in mind.
And it does permeate throughout the economy.
The interesting thing is that I don't think this is head-on competition with the US.
US does these breakthroughs, more systematic model-based.
The Chinese applications are really, really useful.
Because ultimately, the success of the technology and how much it actually impacts the economy depends on how much it's adopted, how accessible it is, and how much it permeates throughout society and everyday lives.
And Chinese applications and Chinese technology are very much suited for that.
Because I think the approach of Chinese innovators, first start from trying to address a problem, solve a problem.